README.md, before:

# National Parks API 🌲
This is a backend API for accessing and favoriting national parks from the National Park Services API.

## Features ⭐️
- User Authentication
- JWT Token Authentication
- Favoriting parks

## Tech Stack 🐍
- Flask (Python)
- MongoDB

## Endpoints ⚡️

base_url = https://powerful-wildwood-07865.herokuapp.com

### Registration 📝
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/register`
- This is where you can register users with the service.
- Body
```
{
	"username": "michael",
	"password": "password"
}
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "New user 'michael' created!",
    "token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY"
}
```

### Login ⌨️
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/login`
- This is where you can log in to the service.
- Body
```
{
	"username": "michael",
	"password": "password"
}
```

 - Return
```
{
    "message": "Login successful!",
    "token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY"
}
```

### All Parks 🏞
**GET** `{base_url}/rest/allparks`
- This is where you can view all parks.
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "parks": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712e6",
            "description": "Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve uniquely documents the human and natural Caribbean world from the earliest indigenous settlements in the central Caribbean to their clash with seven different colonial European powers to the present day.",
            "favCount": 0,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/D0B758DC-1DD8-B71B-0B463C640F211F0A.jpg",
            "lat": 17.77908602,
            "lon": -64.75519348,
            "name": "Salt River Bay",
            "state": "VI"
        },
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712d3",
            "description": "Discover the history of all the peoples of Natchez, Mississippi, from European settlement, African enslavement, the American cotton economy, to the Civil Rights struggle on the lower Mississippi River.",
            "favCount": 0,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C81B011-1DD8-B71B-0BCDE1769DEF9DCF.jpg",
            "lat": 31.54697621,
            "lon": -91.39040665,
            "name": "Natchez",
            "state": "MS"
        }
        .
        .
        .
    ]
}
```

### Favorite Park ➕🏞
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/favorite`
- This is where you can favorite a park.
- Body
```
{
	"park_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0"
}
```
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "This park was successfully favorited.",
    "park": {
        "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
        "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
        "favCount": 1,
        "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
        "lat": 24.628741,
        "lon": -82.87319,
        "name": "Dry Tortugas",
        "state": "FL"
    },
    "wishlist": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
            "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
            "favCount": 1,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
            "lat": 24.628741,
            "lon": -82.87319,
            "name": "Dry Tortugas",
            "state": "FL"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Unfavorite Park ➖🏞
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/unfavorite`
- This is where you can unfavorite a park.
- Body
```
{
    "park_id": <park_id>
}
```
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "This park was successfully unfavorited.",
    "park": {
        "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
        "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
        "favCount": 0,
        "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
        "lat": 24.628741,
        "lon": -82.87319,
        "name": "Dry Tortugas",
        "state": "FL"
    },
    "wishlist": []
}
```

### User 👨🏼‍💻
**GET** `{base_url}/rest/user`
 - This is where you can view user info, including wishlists.
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "_id": "5e23f86c98d1847d7705c178",
    "password": "$2b$12$/0Pgf3VzGbh/NvLNmOLeEungcLR5w6wE.wixMck6CLH6kh7cGrmqy",
    "username": "michael",
    "wishlist": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
            "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
            "favCount": 1,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
            "lat": 24.628741,
            "lon": -82.87319,
            "name": "Dry Tortugas",
            "state": "FL"
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Updated README with instructions and removed unnecessary CSS

README.md, after:

# National Parks API 🌲
This is a backend API for accessing and favoriting national parks from the National Park Services API.

## Features ⭐️
- User Authentication
- JWT Token Authentication
- Favoriting parks

## Tech Stack 🐍
- Flask (Python)
- MongoDB

## Instructions
1. Register with the API through the `rest/register` endpoint
2. Login to the API through the `rest/login` endpoint
3. Use the API token returned to you from the login endpoint to access all other endpoints

## Endpoints ⚡️

base_url = https://powerful-wildwood-07865.herokuapp.com

### Registration 📝
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/register`
- This is where you can register users with the service.
- Body
```
{
	"username": "michael",
	"password": "password"
}
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "New user 'michael' created!",
    "token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY"
}
```

### Login ⌨️
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/login`
- This is where you can log in to the service.
- Body
```
{
	"username": "michael",
	"password": "password"
}
```

 - Return
```
{
    "message": "Login successful!",
    "token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY"
}
```

### All Parks 🏞
**GET** `{base_url}/rest/allparks`
- This is where you can view all parks.
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "parks": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712e6",
            "description": "Salt River Bay National Historical Park and Ecological Preserve uniquely documents the human and natural Caribbean world from the earliest indigenous settlements in the central Caribbean to their clash with seven different colonial European powers to the present day.",
            "favCount": 0,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/D0B758DC-1DD8-B71B-0B463C640F211F0A.jpg",
            "lat": 17.77908602,
            "lon": -64.75519348,
            "name": "Salt River Bay",
            "state": "VI"
        },
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712d3",
            "description": "Discover the history of all the peoples of Natchez, Mississippi, from European settlement, African enslavement, the American cotton economy, to the Civil Rights struggle on the lower Mississippi River.",
            "favCount": 0,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C81B011-1DD8-B71B-0BCDE1769DEF9DCF.jpg",
            "lat": 31.54697621,
            "lon": -91.39040665,
            "name": "Natchez",
            "state": "MS"
        }
        .
        .
        .
    ]
}
```

### Favorite Park ➕🏞
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/favorite`
- This is where you can favorite a park.
- Body
```
{
	"park_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0"
}
```
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "This park was successfully favorited.",
    "park": {
        "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
        "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
        "favCount": 1,
        "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
        "lat": 24.628741,
        "lon": -82.87319,
        "name": "Dry Tortugas",
        "state": "FL"
    },
    "wishlist": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
            "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
            "favCount": 1,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
            "lat": 24.628741,
            "lon": -82.87319,
            "name": "Dry Tortugas",
            "state": "FL"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Unfavorite Park ➖🏞
**POST** `{base_url}/rest/unfavorite`
- This is where you can unfavorite a park.
- Body
```
{
    "park_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0"
}
```
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "message": "This park was successfully unfavorited.",
    "park": {
        "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
        "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
        "favCount": 0,
        "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
        "lat": 24.628741,
        "lon": -82.87319,
        "name": "Dry Tortugas",
        "state": "FL"
    },
    "wishlist": []
}
```

### User 👨🏼‍💻
**GET** `{base_url}/rest/user`
 - This is where you can view user info, including wishlists.
- Headers
```
Authorization: eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1Qi2CJhbGciOi9IUzI1NiJ9.eyJ0c2VyIjoibWljaGFl1CIsImV4c2I6MTU3OTKwMPUxOX0.cXy8y9qXtQ48j88oTLJ-dr5LAcA-vwwpATb5mcdw-DY
```
 - Return
```
{
    "_id": "5e23f86c98d1847d7705c178",
    "password": "$2b$12$/0Pgf3VzGbh/NvLNmOLeEungcLR5w6wE.wixMck6CLH6kh7cGrmqy",
    "username": "michael",
    "wishlist": [
        {
            "_id": "5e23f4e7318123e9fe6712a0",
            "description": "Almost 70 miles (113 km) west of Key West lies the remote Dry Tortugas National Park. This 100-square mile park is mostly open water with seven small islands.  Accessible only by boat or seaplane, the park is known the world over as the home of magnificent Fort Jefferson, picturesque blue waters, superlative coral reefs and marine life, and the vast assortment of bird life that frequents the area.",
            "favCount": 1,
            "image": "https://www.nps.gov/common/uploads/structured_data/3C80FF02-1DD8-B71B-0B39AC51BF7B2FA2.jpg",
            "lat": 24.628741,
            "lon": -82.87319,
            "name": "Dry Tortugas",
            "state": "FL"
        }
    ]
}
```
